So I saw this being, he just looked horrible.
He had this body of a lamb with fur that like glue,
like slime was gluing it together.
And he had a black, black wolf face
and he had these piercing red beam eyes.
And I saw this huge lion and this lion had eyes of fire
and he had white fur with the tips
appeared to be drenched in blood.
And that was always the words I used since I came back.
♪♪
Welcome to this episode of Heaven Encounters.
My guest today, Camille Hall,
suffered from cardiac disease
for most of her life from early childhood.
That led to cardiac arrest after she was told
that if she didn't have a heart transplant
within a period of time that she would die.
And indeed she suffered from a cardiac arrest,
experienced something very hellish,
but she'll take us to heaven today.
And this is gonna be absolutely amazing.
So Camille, great to be with you today.
Hi, Randy, it's so great to be here.
Thank you.
Well, Camille, you did suffer through most of your childhood
and tell us about how that led up
to your afterlife experience.
Sure.
So in all my life, I've suffered with heart disease,
so congenital heart disease.
And so I just kind of had dealt with that,
different things on and off.
And I got a pacemaker when I was 18
and just have always dealt with things.
But then in 2009, I ended up moving into a house
that was full of toxic mold.
And it's not the regular black mold that people see,
so I like to not scare anybody by that,
but we had it tested because it looked different.
So we had it tested.
And in fact, it was the 1% most harmful kind of mold.
And I had started, but before we knew that,
this was a year after I came back from the hospital,
but before we knew that, I became really ill.
And my heart, just on a regular checkups,
they said it was basically blowing up.
It was, I had a huge enlarged heart,
like it was growing rapidly,
and they gave me a year to live without a heart transplant.
At that time, that was August of 2012,
I went home and God said, pray like you never have before
because you don't want someone else's heart.
And I was just stunned by that.
So I just prayed and prayed,
and I honestly thought I was gonna die
because they had told me that at the hospital.
They said to get grief counselors for my family and prepare.
And so I just started getting closer and closer to the Lord.
I was already saved, thankfully,
but that really showed me a lot.
But then I got really sick.
March of 2013, I was at my house,
and for about three days,
I ended up having just complete body aches and swelling,
like you couldn't believe, like the swelling.
I always say edema is probably
the most underrated pain we have,
and this horrible pain.
And on the third day, I just,
I remember, I'll just be quite frank,
I remember urinating blood.
And I looked down, I saw that,
and then I got dizzy.
And then I said, call 911 to my husband at the time,
right then, for the first time in my life,
I'd ever said that.
And then I went into strokes.
But I remember this lady coming to the house,
and she was, I'll never forget it,
because she was so extremely demonic.
And she told my husband to leave me there
and to go in Monday, because this was a Saturday.
And I remember going, trying to struggle to say, no, no.
But fortunately, he said, you're taking her in.
And then we got into the ambulance
and she told me to shut up,
or she was gonna shove something in my throat.
I passed out and ended up going into,
I went to a couple different hospitals,
because one was closer.
They sent me to Oregon Science and Health University,
Health and Science University.
And that is when I fell into a non-medically induced coma
from all the strokes.
And immediately though,
as soon as I started going into strokes,
I started falling down, like downward into hell.
And I had on each side of me, six demons,
and they were literally shredding and pulling my skin
to try to get me to hell, because they would be rewarded.
They were even stretching their own being to get me there.
And then in the meantime,
I'd be thrown into these realms that were really strange,
but like demonic, just horribly tortured.
And then all of a sudden,
it seemed like when they were done with me there,
they would throw me out and it was blacker than black.
And I knew it, because you could feel it, the evil.
And so I researched that as soon as I came back,
and it was surely the outer darkness.
And a darkness, it says in the Bible,
a darkness you can feel.
And to my right, there was a being there,
and he was incredibly, you just knew he was Satan.
And I remember as I'd be thrown in and out of these realms,
not even trying to look at him, but you can't help it,
because when you're out of your body,
you have a 360 degree view of yourself,
of the creatures, of everything.
So I saw this being, and he just looked horrible.
He had this body of a lamb with fur that like glue,
like slime was gluing it together.
And he had a black, black wolf face,
and he had these piercing red beam eyes.
And he would sit there
and he would just whisper to the demons over and over,
just get her down here,
she'll never know she doesn't belong.
And that was true, because on my descent,
I had forgot about God even.
I was being horrifically tortured, and I just didn't,
I don't know why other than for him to share his glory
of keeping us, even when we don't even acknowledge him,
he keeps his promises to us.
But on my third realm that I was thrown out of,
sinking down even further,
I knew I was right above hell, hell instinctively.
And at that moment, I said, I guess I'm going to hell.
And as soon as I said that, this huge being comes above us,
we could sense his presence.
He comes above us, I go like that,
with the demons pulling on the sides of my arm still,
and trying to get me to hell.
And right then, this being spreads his legs in a stance
and puts his arms across his chest and said,
I don't think so, looking down.
And as he said that, I'll never forget,
I was looking up because we just heard this voice.
I looked down and all the demons are gone
by the first syllable.
And I just thought that was incredible.
And then he grabs me, he reaches down,
he grabs me, picks me up.
And I remember straight up not seeing his face yet,
but straight up going back into my body.
And now I realized that I didn't see his face
because I wasn't transformed.
So I just knew he had more power than anything ever,
and that he was good.
And I get into my bed in the hospital
and hear all the machines and stuff.
And yeah, it was just incredible.
And then-
Do you have an idea, Camille, who this was?
Was this the Lord?
Was it an angel?
Who was that?
It was God himself.
That rescued you.
God himself.
God himself, yeah.
So the demons were trying to trick you.
Basically into getting you before God intervened.
And obviously they couldn't do that.
And now you're going to the opposite place.
Yes, yes.
So I'm back into my body.
And I remember looking up at the hospital tiles
and saying, what's going on?
Where am I?
And then I heard all the beeping of the machines.
And I said to myself, oh, I'm in the hospital.
Well, just then the ceiling tiles turned into total clouds,
just covered in clouds.
And his mighty right hand reached out
and pulls out my soul.
And my hair was long then,
but it was, it's hard to measure exactly how much,
but it was just like a tenth to a quarter
of his length of his, just his thumbnail.
And then I went, I got eternity, first of all.
It just slammed me in the face.
Because you get it when you're out of your body
and it's scary.
And then I knew that the being holding me had all the power.
I knew that, I remember thinking
I had all this power on earth,
but wherever this being wants me to go, I'm going.
And then he takes me, and fortunately I was saved.
And he throws me up like an arrow into the sky.
And I have my arms flew in front of me.
And I had an angel on each side,
cusp, excuse me, each side of my elbow.
And I remember trying to see them,
but all I could see are the white robes
with the gold accents.
And I remember just flying through outer space.
And I kept trying to see their faces,
but they were so mighty and tall.
And I got to see all the planets and everything.
And then they dropped me off and I went,
whoa, where are they?
Because I wanted to see them so bad.
And they just disappeared.
And then as soon as they left me alone there,
I just knew I was under a city or a place.
And right at that moment, I start transforming.
I start going upward.
I can only describe it as like an elevator going upward
because it went from head to the top of my head
to the bottom of my feet.
I was completely transformed.
And then I got there and I remember looking at the floor,
the tile, it appeared to be like tile,
but it had all these materials and ivory.
I know ivory was in a lot of things, even God's throne.
I remember going, what's going on?
What's going on?
And then I heard God's voice the first time.
And he just says, simply, you no longer have to fear.
And then at that moment,
that's when it all hit me, the perfection,
like where my energy, that was a huge one
because I've always struggled with energy,
with my heart condition.
And that will always be the most powerful part to me
as far as the way I felt was all the perfect energy
and just feeling completely enveloped in love and health
and all the things we can't even imagine here.
And as soon as I felt that way, the Lord or God said to me,
you have a form and it is perfect.
And then I started running in place
because I was so excited that I could run
and that I felt so good.
And then as soon as I started running in place,
I literally, my feet went off the ground
and I went around heaven's gates four times.
And I knew it was four times because when I came back,
I could draw how many times I was doing it.
And it was four, I counted four,
but it was like light,
like tracers of light followed me around.
And it was just so incredible.
And yeah, and then I started to stand there
and after I got done doing that, just going, whew.
And then I got asked if I was having fun yet.
And it's all simultaneous time.
So it's kind of hard to describe exactly in order,
but I just remembered looking to my right as well
and I saw this huge lion and this lion had eyes of fire
and he had white fur with the tips
appeared to be drenched in blood.
And that was always the words I use since I came back
and the fact that he sits at a great white throne.
And that's why I believe along with
when I sat at the justice seat,
cause that's what it talks about in John.
And that was the book that I read all this in,
most of my experience in.
And I remember sitting at that throne
and seeing negatives also, I saw this twice,
but the first time was how my life,
everything bad that happened, everything I questioned
and all the good even, all worked together for my good.
And it brought me to that place.
And so I've never questioned my future
like I did before that, yeah.
And-
You were a perfect piece.
And so you were, it seems like God was taking you
on a journey now of not just restoration,
perfection in terms of your new body that he had given you.
Yeah.
But the restoration that you would,
you were seeing things Camille
that are absolutely spectacular.
Yeah, yeah.
So I saw that lion, but what I thought there
is I could fall into those eyes
and I would be completely content forever.
I said, but who is the being sitting next to him?
Who is that?
And then I knew it was God.
Cause once you got there, you got everything.
See, I always tell people that you never ask why
after you die, both ways, heaven and hell.
You never ask why, because you get it all.
You get why everything happened and how
and you don't have to ask why, you just get it.
So I saw him and then Jesus was sitting right next to him.
And I loved how they would laugh all day
and they would just be looking down on us.
And I am still my same personality.
And I never spoke, like I have conversated with Jesus
but I kidded him in God one time.
And I said, what are you guys laughing at?
Cause I saw them looking down
and I knew instinctively they were looking on earth.
And he said, I'm looking down on the ones I love.
And I came back and looked up the word beloved
and sure enough, that was the ones I love.
And I remember looking in, I just have to share
that looking in heaven's gates,
I saw these little angels were decorating for me
along the walls with my favorite colors of bows
and colors I didn't even know existed
but they were already my favorite.
It was like, God knew my spirit and just fulfilled all that.
And all these people, one lady was yelling.
And Camille's here Camille's here and the hundreds were gathering and God told me I'm or I remember saying
How could I have affected that many people on earth?
And I don't know if that was a future thing or I don't know
But all these people were gathering and then at the very back of the line
I saw this little boy and I think because he would have been about three there two and a half three
So and I also had had visions of him since not crawling, you know
Hopping over his Tigers and stuff. I'll get to that
but but he was crawling at the very back and I said who is and God always answered my question by the
second or third word and he said well Camille, that's your son and
And he I had lost a baby in
2010 by miscarriage
it's always hard for me to talk about but at four and a half months and
I had no idea what the sex was and I could not
Because I didn't know I was pregnant. I just knew when I'm miscarried that I lost the baby and
Because it happened he looked about what age
To me about two to maybe a little older because he had real long big hair like his mom
Just like me yeah, yeah big curl
Curly hair. Yeah, and I just knew you know, he looked so much like me like I saw pictures me at four
three or four and it looked exactly same hair and
yeah, and so and then he also graced me with seeing my daughter because I had also lost a baby too in 1989 and
in my first marriage and
She would go and it was so funny because I thought there wasn't mourning in heaven
But I knew God's told me that every morning she would run and play with butterflies and hummingbirds and then I read in scripture
the more about the morning in heaven
And I was like, wow, just so many things happen that I could never ever have made up, you know
They're just no incredible things like him knowing every word before it hits my tongue. So so many things
dozens of scriptures now
But the most interesting part to me and in grace given part to me was when I was sitting on the steps of
heaven and I was looking around and
I just couldn't believe I was there and I just said how can it be and God's right up
But it's throwing a couple, you know a few stairs ahead, you know above me him and God and the lion
He was just petting the lion
it was so cool and
And I just was looking around heaven saying how can it be that I'm here I said I I was a sinner on earth
I had sin. I hadn't
confessed of or
Sin, I hadn't confessed of before I died and he said just simply as ever
It's because of the blood and I said I said, but I had addictions on earth
I had things I hadn't overcome yet. And then he reaches down because he was human looking to me, you know
And he reaches down with his big huge finger and points in my face and says and make no mistake Camille
I know everyone's heart
because even
the only thing I had questioned was that I was on pain medication because of all my pain and I've been on in pain for
a couple of years honestly because of the infections I kept getting with the
The mold would cause me to have bubbly rashes that would break and itch and then I it became a blood infection
So that blood infection got on to my pacemaker and it went with the wires went directly into my heart
causing the heart failure, so
so I was in a horrific amount of pain and but I would cry to the Lord because I thought that any kind of
Anything we did to to ease pain other than God could send us to hell and that's just not true
God wants us to be
Taken care of as well and it's different because I am a full believer in 1st
Corinthians 6 9 through 10 of willfully sinning and fornicating and and being drunkard and
You can't be do those things and inherit the kingdom of God. So I'm not at all saying that but at the same time
He understands what we're going through as well and
And he just when he told me make no mistake. I know everyone's heart. I just went cool great
Because I knew my heart, you know, it was it was always for him and and and
wanting to to please him and
Loving him
Yeah, well, I would we're oftentimes trying to judge on God's behalf
Yeah, when God is the only one that can judge so making an assessment one way or the other is really God's domain, isn't it?
yes, and that is a
We got to be so careful about that and I am too now
I'm so careful about that, but there are so many amazing things
I saw that I honestly was at church last night praying sobbing
Just because I can't believe he gave me all these revelations
And I told him that the other night and I said why why would you give someone like me? Who's this?
Still falls. It's still I'm not perfect by any means. None of us can be but why would you give me that?
I don't deserve that and he just said that's why
Because you know who you are, you know, I know who I am and I know who I'm not and I'm not God
I'm just a vessel and that's all I ever
Dreamed to be in this life and
But I remember when he told me he I had to come back and he just said
It was kind of mixed up with the are you having fun yet comment?
And then he goes cuz now you got to go back and I saw this crystal heart just shatter on the floor
and there's this
Song by Hillsong that's called broken vessel and I listened to it the other day and I just cried because it reminded me of that
it said pieces shattered on the floor and
amazing grace is what it's also called and
He got up and I'll never forget it was the most beautiful thing ever and God has since told me
This is what I do on earth
But when I was crying he got up from his throne and I said my story is called this too
That I can't believe the maker of everything
cares if I hurt and my story's called hell versus the maker of everything and
He was just walked towards me. I just couldn't believe it
but as soon as he grabbed my hand my pain went away all of it just fell away and
Then I remember thinking I got to watch my thoughts. I'm walking with God Almighty
And and he said you no longer have those thoughts
And I was like, oh my gosh, I don't and that's been one of the weirdest things about coming back. Is that how?
Inundated we are with thoughts of the enemy, you know, because there's no thoughts like that
Wow, you're just not only yes clean. Not only did he purify your thoughts, but you actually were healed
Yeah, and you didn't need that transplant. Well, no, I didn't need the transplant. I came back
They told me to go home and well, they took my left leg because it had died
Below and I kind of considered that like a thorn in my flesh like Paul. He says because he'd been given so many revelations
To not become overconfident. He was given a thorn in his flesh and I I
Seriously think that has something to do with what happened because he healed everything else. So
But I did end up losing my left leg and some of my right toes, but I don't even walk with the limp
it's so crazy and and then I came back and I also they said I was going home for a
Quadruple bypass in August and I would tell them I don't need it
I went to heaven and all these things they would say I was gonna be a vegetable. I was gonna be
Going to the bathroom, you know in diapers
All these things I said, no, I won't I went to heaven
and and then sure enough a year later, I went to the hospital to OHSU and
Daddy woods the head nurse now still in cardiology
Said Camille tell me what you told me back then and I said that I won't need it
I went to heaven and she cried and she said that my heart is actually healthier now
Than before I got sick and I had two two by two
Infections on my right side of my heart that were healed and I also had an arm from the stroke that was kinked
like this and then God in the hospital bed told me just lay my arm across it and
He just gave me all these tips and for my brain to learn music
and
Yeah, he's just he's the healer
God is so good. You know everyone that we talk with him. We talk Camille
Who has died?
And come back has been healed, right?
The death of what caused that death. Yeah, and you are a prime example of that
Yeah of all of the experiences that you had that's stay in heaven
What struck you the most?
When he got it from his throne
That will always be I
loved
Seeing my kids and just that they're happy, you know, I miss him terribly and with the holidays coming up
It's hard, you know, it's kind of hard to see them physically, you know like to
See them, but that was another thing about heaven is nobody has any skin color
We're all just gods, right? So we're all just translucent shiny
Glittery glittery beautiful
But yeah, it was definitely
When he stood up from his throne because you can't imagine
Seeing that I mean, I'm just me, you know
I've done a lot in my life that I'm forgiven for thank God, but um
But if he does it for me with all the sin I've done in my life
and
He'll do it for anybody. I mean
And it was all just because I was brokenhearted and he said that's what I do
And you do there are people right now who are watching or listening to this and
Their hearts are being changed Wow
And those who have been broken are thinking God has abandoned them and you could have
Well thought that or said that that God had abandoned you right because of your suffering your entire life
up to that point
And losing your your leg and and but you didn't and you said because you had been to heaven
Well, and you're taking us to heaven and you saw the might and the awe of God
There's nothing that compares on this earth is no no no way
That's why I making sure I go back and I'm trying to bring as many people with me
Because I want the other
You shouldn't and when he told you that he was returning you
When you knew you were being returned
Yeah
Did was there a reason that he explained to you or was it just since he has?
I came back and I would like I said
I would cry all the time and I was in my car one day and somebody had given me this little scripture on a piece of
Paper and it flew at my feet like no wind nothing
It just flew at my feet and I pick it up and it's Esther for
14 for who knows if you come to the kingdom but for such a time as this and I said
I was just stunned and I said, I don't know why I said this but my spirit just said is this the end and
I'm in of humanity of everything and God said yes
So you must tell him must tell them that I am real and it is all the Bible it is all real
Hmm. Yeah, there's no there was no imagination. No dream at that point. No, you were fully aware
Yeah, and physiologically and I you know, I had been in the cardiovascular space for some time
Physiologically and mentally your brain was was really not functioning at that point. It's just great. You could not have
physically
Imagined or dreamed of any of us you were in the spirit
Yeah, and plus the just the it was beyond reality if anyone can imagine that this feels fake
This has always felt fake since I came back and then that's when I got that's my home
That's the end goal
My sister we share that I believe that this world is fake. Yeah, the heaven is real
Heaven is more real than this world. Yeah, that's a conundrum, isn't it? We just can't comprehend that. Yeah within our brain
Yeah, this is all seems fake, but it doesn't seem worthless, you know
Because we all get to go back there and just so many things happened. I mean I could still go on. It's just amazing
Yeah
That is amazing. So what are you doing today then obviously you're speaking with us
Well, God told you you would do that's happening right now
Yeah, so what is your life like now Camille?
Well as you were calling I was watching a video getting ready for my Sunday school class tomorrow morning
So I serve I serve
Because I know how important that is. I know that we need to serve Cod's Kingdom. We had to be part of the body
It is very important for us to understand that it's not just showing up whenever you think you can
Or you know, if you feel guilty, it's being active part of his body
It's very important. So I am my life revolves around God since especially
and and your home situation is
So I'm single, but I just got engaged last Sunday
Amazing man, unfortunately my husband from all that experience
became quite abusive so
I had to leave that, but God has completely restored my life
in every single way.
So I live alone right now,
but we're buying a house together
and then we're gonna be married in that house, so.
Well, congratulations.
God has worked a miracle in numerous ways.
So thank you, Camille, so, so much
for sharing with us today.
Thank you so much.
We have some great news for you who are watching,
and that is be of good cheer
because if you are in Christ Jesus,
know Him as your Messiah,
then heaven is in your future.
Take care and God bless.
Heaven is coming to San Diego
at the first Heaven Encounters event
this September 12th through 14th, 2024.
World-renowned speakers, best-selling authors,
and the largest-ever gathering
of Christian afterlife survivors
will join host Randy Kaye.
Transformative presentations
will be accompanied by dynamic worship,
engaging panel discussions,
inspiring ceremonies,
and life-changing prayer
at one of America's premier
Christian conference resorts.
Register now at randykaye.org
as seating availability is limited.
Heaven is coming to San Diego.
Don't miss it.
♪♪